Add a definition to Magentic (#306)
MicrosoftDocs/semantic-kernel-docs: agent-framework/overview/agent-framework-overview.md

- **Flexible Flow**: Graph-based architecture allows for intuitive modeling of complex workflows with `executors` and `edges`. Conditional routing, parallel processing, and dynamic execution paths are all supported.
- **External Integration**: Built-in request/response patterns enable seamless integration with external APIs and support human-in-the-loop scenarios.
- **Checkpointing**: Save workflow states via checkpoints, enabling recovery and resumption of long-running processes on the server side.

> - **Multi-Agent Orchestration**: Built-in patterns for coordinating multiple AI agents, including sequential, concurrent, hand-off, and Magentic (orchestrated).

Reviewer: Maybe we can just link to the magentic research page.  Just adding orchestration isn't super useful, since all the other items listed here are also orchestrations.
```suggestion
- **Multi-Agent Orchestration**: Built-in patterns for coordinating multiple AI agents, including sequential, concurrent, hand-off, and [Magentic](https://www.microsoft.com/research/articles/magentic-one-a-generalist-multi-agent-system-for-solving-complex-tasks/)
```
